Signatures:[Samuil Donchev, Patricia Salinas, Alan Huerta Magdaleno]
CS 225 Data Structures 
Team Contract (jcampo37-ahuert30-psalin2-samuild2) Communication 
1. Team Meetings: Our team will meet once a week every Thursday from 5-7 PM at the Grainger Engineering Library. We will also try to work during Thanksgiving break. Notes will be stored on a Google document, time-stamped for each meeting. The note-taker is also responsible for drafting the weekly DEVELOPMENT LOG entry, which is approved by the team at the start of the following week’s meeting. 
2. Assistance: Each team member can be contacted through email, Discord, or Slack. Outside of emergencies or other commitments, we commit to responding to emails within 48 hours. 
3. Respect: It is important that everyone is clear that they can voice their opinion, but that they should accept the outcome of a vote. As a team, we agree to the following rules of engagement: Be respectful of your teammates and their opinions. All decisions will be accepted by simple majority – while unanimous agreement is preferred, it is not required. By signing this document, each member of the team commits to adhering to the decisions made, even if they personally disagree with them. Be mindful that everyone is working towards the same goal.
Collaboration 
1. Work Distribution Each week, the necessary deliverables for the week will be determined by the full team and each member will volunteer to work on one or more deliverables. When no one volunteers, two team members will be randomly assigned to work on the task as a paired-programming team. If this leads to an unbalanced workload for the week, adjustments can be made on a case-by-case basis. 
2. Time Commitment To ensure an equal distribution of work, each member is expected to independently work no less than two and no more than five hours per week on the project. If a deliverable ends up taking more time, the rest of the team should be pulled in to assist with the unforeseen complication, with each member taking an equal share of the workload or programming in pairs. 
However if a team member is habitually not completing their tasks, they may be asked – politely – to explain their circumstances. Based on their explanation further actions, such as alerting a staff member, may be taken on a case by case basis decided by the other team members. 
3. Conflict Resolution All conflicts within the team will be decided All conflicts within the team will be decided through rock-paper-scissors. The competition will be played in the following format: All matches are best-of-three, with the upper bracket team having a one game advantage. Each team is allowed one tactical pause of up to five minutes per game. Each team is allowed to pause the game for no more than three times per series.


If this was an MD file, each of us would sign our names here at the bottom with an electronic signature and a separate GitHub commit over the same document. 
1
